hi guys it's Patrick's here and i am
playing evil minecraft I've been
following this since 1.7 point 3 and I
always like to play it with the aether
but sadly that's not updated so i guess
this will do once it comes out i will
put the aether in but yeah so we have
our Start menu which has it a bit
different layout I guess but here it is
a human which that's me and character
selection so you can select you can
change your character in game well not
in game like you can log out and change
your character so you can get these
different advantages by logging out and
switching them if you want but I'm
probably not going to be switching them
that much be just because it's kind of
cheap cuz like some of this stuff is
like test if get I could start off with
text test if akit and spawn in a village
and then I would be like golden from
there I'd have a house which I found out
um it's really hard to set up a house
and get started with this stuff this has
this is actually um after the recording
so I know a lot more about it but dwarf
walk slower mines faster elf has poor
melee damage and less health but hiding
I don't know what hiding is I think you
turn invisible or something like that I
just don't know pigmen easier to /
friend wild pigmen immune to poison
halfling is hungry oh he has pigment a
halfling is hungry is short expert
farmer walks 1.1 times faster halfling
is what I start off with I think so yeah
and then orc bad with bows and swimming
iron golems hate them and extra health
and melee damage I also minds faster so
I guess that's pretty much it I hope you
enjoy the series and
let's get started
okay so I guess we spawned in a ice
volume and there was fancy blocks
earlier but just because lag and stuff
what does heck but I guess blocks day
like cracked I guess in this here I'll
show you the fancy blocks but this will
probably crash or something I don't know
but it looks pretty cool look at that
but it gets really like as you see here
so I'm set that back okay and of course
this blood and stuff stupid music okay
so um you die with that so that's pretty
bad maybe I don't know can be easily
used for a trap though I can see how I
could do that let's just collect some
wood here I don't know what I'm going to
do I might actually start exploring
first yeah I think that's what I should
do but i just want to see one thing I
move a bit faster with this guy by the
way though so I see log what does this
make does not make anything angry
at least I don't think I really need the
recipe book let's see Wow hey the
chickens are like my size now but you
have to kill every chick in you see
because in evil minecraft everyone knows
at night they turn into giant fireball
throwing demons so I seriously do what
the heck is that gosh what the the plans
ow
that looks really weird I break this
stuff what kill this thing die am I even
hitting him it I'm so dead you know what
I'll just run wow I do this hunger
really fast I slow slowness 30 Jesus
dings still going to die of hunger let's
see what is this on let's see let's try
easy for now because I don't know on my
hunger to cause the death of me while
I'm exploring what you probably will
because I'm probably gonna die I need a
sword or something I think I have enough
wood for it so let's just no that's not
okay so crafting bench stick sword
I just remember the old days playing
this man it was so fun the eighth there
whoa no way how do I tame these guys
quick oh I'm so dead I'm underwater I'm
dead undead let's see what the thing
about this I think I don't think you're
supposed to but you can so hey I'm back
in my old hey wow that's weird holy cow
not again